## [1.6.0]

* Use the Location Services (through the `FusedLocationProviderClient`) on Android if available, otherwise fallback to the `LocationManager` class;
* Make sure that on Android the last know location is returned immediately on the stream when requesting location updates through the `getPositionStream` method;
* Updated documentation on adding location permissions on Android.

## [1.5.0]

* It is now possible to check the location permissions using the `checkGeolocationStatus` method [[ISSUE #51](https://github.com/BaseflowIT/flutter-geolocator/issues/51)].
* Improved the example App [[ISSUE #54](https://github.com/BaseflowIT/flutter-geolocator/issues/54)]
* Solved a bug on Android causing a memory leak when you stop listening to the position stream.
* **breaking** Solved a bug on Android where permissions could be requested more then once simultaniously [[ISSUE #58](https://github.com/BaseflowIT/flutter-geolocator/issues/58)]
* Solved a bug on Android where requesting permissions twice would cause the App to crash [[ISSUE #61](https://github.com/BaseflowIT/flutter-geolocator/issues/61)]

> **Important:**
> 
> To be able to correctly fix [issue #58](https://github.com/BaseflowIT/flutter-geolocator/issues/58) we had to change the `getPositionStream` method into a `async` method. This means the signature of the method has been changed from:
>
> `Stream<Position> getPositionStream([LocationOptions locationOptions = const LocationOptions()])` 
>
> to 
>
> `Future<Stream<Position>> getPositionStream([LocationOptions locationOptions = const LocationOptions()])`. 
>
> Meaning as a developer you'll now have to `await` the result of the method to get access to the actual stream.

## [1.4.0]

* Added feature to query the last known location that is stored on the device using the `getLastKnownLocation` method;
* **breaking** Renamed the `getPosition` to `getCurrentPosition`;
* Fixed bug where calling `getCurrentPosition` on Android resulted in returning the last known location;
* **breaking** Renamed methods `toPlacemark` and `fromPlacemark` respectively to the, more meaningfull names, `placemarkFromAddress` and `placemarkFromCoordinates`;

## [1.3.1]

* Added support for iOS `kCLLocationAccurayBestForNavigation` (defaults to `best` when on Android).

## [1.3.0]

* Added the option to check the distance between two geocoordinates (using the `distanceBetween` method).

## [1.2.2]

* Make sure that an Android App using the plugin is informed when the platform stops transmitting location updates.

## [1.2.1]

* Added feature to throttle the amount of locations updates based on a supplied distance filter.

> **Important:**
>
> This introduces a breaking change since the signature of the `getPositionStream` has changed from `getPositionStream(LocationAccuracy accuracy)` to
> `getPositionStream(LocationOptions locationOptions)` .

*  Made some small changes to ensure the plugin no longer is depending on JAVA 8, meaning the plugin will run using the default Android configuration.

## [1.2.0]

* Added support to translate an address into geocoordinates and vice versa (a.k.a. Geocoding). See the [README.md](README.md) file for more information.

## [1.1.2]

* Fixed reported formatting issues

## [1.1.1]

* Fixed a warning generated by xCode when compiling the example project (see [issue #28](https://github.com/BaseflowIT/flutter-geolocator/issues/28))
* Fixed some warnings generated by Dart static code analyser, improving code quality

## [1.1.0]

* Introduced the option to supply a desired accuracy. 

> **Important:** 
>
>This introduces a breaking change, the `getPosition` and `onPositionChanged` properties have been replaced by methods (`getPosition([LocationAccuracy desiredAccuracy = LocationAccuracy.Best])` and `getPositionStream([LocationAccuracy desiredAccuracy = LocationAccuracy.Best])` respectively) accepting a parameter to indicate the desired accuracy.
* Updated the Android part to make use of the [LocationManager](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/location/LocationManager) instead of the [FusedLocationProviderClient](https://developers.google.com/android/reference/com/google/android/gms/location/FusedLocationProviderClient)
* Improved support for handling position requests that happen in rapid succession.

## [1.0.0]

* Updated documentation
* API defined stable

## [0.0.2]

* Solved problem with missing geolocator-Swift.h header file (see also issue [Flutter#16049](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/16049)).

## [0.0.1]

* Initial release
